com/example/CARSEm/repository/ActivityRepository.java
 com.example.CARSEm.repository.ActivityRepository
com/example/CARSEm/security/OpenAPISecurityDocumentation.java
 com.example.CARSEm.security.OpenAPISecurityDocumentation
com/example/CARSEm/controllers/PingController.java
 com.example.CARSEm.controllers.PingController
com/example/CARSEm/requests/AppHelloRequest.java
 com.example.CARSEm.requests.AppHelloRequest
 com.example.CARSEm.requests.AppHelloRequest$Settings
 com.example.CARSEm.requests.AppHelloRequest$Settings$Location
com/example/CARSEm/requests/ActivitiesRequest.java
 com.example.CARSEm.requests.ActivitiesRequest
com/example/CARSEm/model/Share.java
 com.example.CARSEm.model.Share
 com.example.CARSEm.model.Share$SharePK
com/example/CARSEm/model/Context.java
 com.example.CARSEm.model.Context
com/example/CARSEm/model/Feedback.java
 com.example.CARSEm.model.Feedback
 com.example.CARSEm.model.Feedback$FeedbackPK
com/example/CARSEm/repository/WeatherRepository.java
 com.example.CARSEm.repository.WeatherRepository
com/example/CARSEm/model/Activity.java
 com.example.CARSEm.model.Activity
com/example/CARSEm/CarsEmApplication.java
 com.example.CARSEm.CarsEmApplication
com/example/CARSEm/services/ShareService.java
 com.example.CARSEm.services.ShareService
com/example/CARSEm/services/AuthorizationService.java
 com.example.CARSEm.services.AuthorizationService
com/example/CARSEm/services/LocationService.java
 com.example.CARSEm.services.LocationService
com/example/CARSEm/requests/RecommendationRequest.java
 com.example.CARSEm.requests.RecommendationRequest
com/example/CARSEm/repository/FeedbackRepository.java
 com.example.CARSEm.repository.FeedbackRepository
com/example/CARSEm/model/Weather.java
 com.example.CARSEm.model.Weather
com/example/CARSEm/requests/SessionLoginRequest.java
 com.example.CARSEm.requests.SessionLoginRequest
com/example/CARSEm/model/Location.java
 com.example.CARSEm.model.Location
com/example/CARSEm/services/FeedbackService.java
 com.example.CARSEm.services.FeedbackService
com/example/CARSEm/services/ActivityService.java
 com.example.CARSEm.services.ActivityService
com/example/CARSEm/responses/ActivityResponse.java
 com.example.CARSEm.responses.ActivityResponse
com/example/CARSEm/repository/ShareRepository.java
 com.example.CARSEm.repository.ShareRepository
com/example/CARSEm/requests/FeedbackRequest.java
 com.example.CARSEm.requests.FeedbackRequest
com/example/CARSEm/repository/EventRepository.java
 com.example.CARSEm.repository.EventRepository
com/example/CARSEm/repository/LocationRepository.java
 com.example.CARSEm.repository.LocationRepository
com/example/CARSEm/model/User.java
 com.example.CARSEm.model.User
com/example/CARSEm/requests/AppContextRequest.java
 com.example.CARSEm.requests.AppContextRequest
com/example/CARSEm/services/UserService.java
 com.example.CARSEm.services.UserService
com/example/CARSEm/controllers/AppController.java
 com.example.CARSEm.controllers.AppController
com/example/CARSEm/requests/LoginRequest.java
 com.example.CARSEm.requests.LoginRequest
com/example/CARSEm/controllers/ActivityController.java
 com.example.CARSEm.controllers.ActivityController
com/example/CARSEm/services/WeatherService.java
 com.example.CARSEm.services.WeatherService
com/example/CARSEm/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.example.CARSEm.repository.UserRepository
com/example/CARSEm/repository/ContextRepository.java
 com.example.CARSEm.repository.ContextRepository
com/example/CARSEm/controllers/UserController.java
 com.example.CARSEm.controllers.UserController
com/example/CARSEm/model/Event.java
 com.example.CARSEm.model.Event
com/example/CARSEm/services/ContextService.java
 com.example.CARSEm.services.ContextService
com/example/CARSEm/services/EventService.java
 com.example.CARSEm.services.EventService
